i’m in like with you – Beta Impressions + Invites!
Published on June 21, 2007.
Yesterday I tried out i’m in like with you , another hip startup type thing.
It’s a social network that lets you find cool people near you and play “games” with them.
The games involve setting up a question and having others answer them.
Like the dating game?
Then you get points for being the most clever or something.
I’m not sure why this site is getting so much attention.
It’s okay, but it has yet to offer enough users.
There’s no women within 100 miles of my zip code!!!
Oh, and yet again, I have invites if anyone wants to try this.
Also, there was once this site called “ Consumating ” that was really similar.
I had fun with it for a few weeks or so, but it got old.
Then I went back to Facebook.
I have a feeling i’m in like with you will suffer a similar fate.